# HexagramConstructionKit
Python scripts that generate hexagrams for the YiJing.

These scripts _ran_ on DrDos 7.0 using _Python 1.5.1_ way back when I wrote them.

**They will not run on Python 3.x.**

Update to Python 3.x is possible, but not probable.
﻿# HexagramConstructionKit

Python scripts that generate hexagrams for the YiJing.

The scripts in P.1.5 _ran_ on DrDos 7.0 using _Python 1.5.1_ way back when I wrote them.

**These scripts need to be re-formated to run correctly.**

**These scripts may not run on Python 2.x.**

**These scripts will not run on Python 3.x.**

Update to Python 3.x is possible, but not probable.[^1]
[^1]: The migration path is Python 1.5 to Python 2.0, then Python 2.0 to Python 3.0. In addition, it also requires migration from DrDos 7.0, which is an 8 bit OS to Linux, which is a 64 bit OS. The file may require conversion from ASCII to UTF-8.

The folder _P.1.5_ contain the Python scripts for Python 1.5

The folder _P.2.0_ contains the Python scripts for Python 2.0
These files were generated by copying the filed in P.1.5 to this folder.

The folder _P.3.0_ contains the Python scripts for Python 3.0
These files were generated by running 2to3 on the files in the P.2.0 folder.
(In Other Words, these are Python1.5 files, not Python3 files.)

The folder _P.F_ contains untested python code fragements.
These code fragments 

The folder _ODF_ contains 2 folders:
* spreadsheet;
This folder contains:
** _YiJingHexagramGenerator.ods_
	This is a spreadsheet that generates most of the derivative trigrams and hexagrams that I am aware of;
** Other spreadsheets may also be included. These spreadsheets are slightly different versions of each other.

* text;
** This folder contains files in ODF format, that replicate the information in the zim_wiki.

The folder _Images_ contains four foldets:
* _Hexagrams_: The 64 hexagrams as png files: size: 45 x 90 pixels;
* _Trigrams_: The 8 trigrams as png files: 45 x 45 pixels;
* _Lines_: The 4 bigrams and 2 lines as png files: 46 x 31 & 44 x 15 pixels, respectively;
* _Misc_: Trigram sequences;

The folder _zim_ contains four folders:
* Appendices;
* Derived_Hexagrams;
* Text;
* Useless_Hexagrams;
* z.infra

The folder /zim/Appendices/ contains 7 folders:
* Abbreviations;
** This contains 40 files, one for each letter of the alphabet, and number. This is used for abbreviations.
* Bibliography;
** This contains 53 files, one for each letter of the alphabet, and number. In addition, 10 files contain the bibliography from the old documentation.
* Glossary;
** This contains 40 files, one for each letter of the alphabet, and number. This is used to define unfamiliar words and phrases.
* Numerical_Appendix;
** This contains 41 files. The theory is that one writes essays, and keeps them in this part of the Zim_Wiki
* Patents;
** This contains one file, which is a listing of patents related to the YiJing;
* Trademarks;
** This contains one file, which is a listing of Trademarks and service marks related to the YiJing;
* Yi_Jing_Shoppe;
** This contains merchandising plans with the idea that this software becomes self-supporting through sales of merchandise, hard copy documentation, and the like.

The folder /zim/Derived_Hexagrams/ contains 7 folders:
* Human_Growth_And_Potential_Hexagrams;
** This contains files related to the Axillary_Hexagram, Jin_Fan_Hexagram, and Feng_Shui_Hexagram derivatives;
* Major_Hexagrams;
** This contains files about the five hexagrams I consider to be the most important in doing a YiJing Consultation;
* Minor_Hexagrams;
** This contains files about the 12 hexagrams I consider to be the third most important group to use in a YiJing consultation;
* Say_What_Hexagrams;
** This contains notes about hexagrams that are described in more mainstream sources, that I found to be bizarre;
* Sequential_Hexagrams;
** These are the hexagrams that come before or after the specific hexagram, in the various sequences of hexagrams;
* You_Might_Use_Hexagrams;
** These derivative hexagrams are based upon the derived trigrams of the major hexagrams;
* You_Might_Not_Use_Hexagrams;
These derivative hexagrams are based upon the derived trigrams of the minor hexagrams;

The folder /zim/Text/ contains 9 folders:
* Bigrams;
** The four core lines of the YiJing;
* Derived_Trigrams;
* Hexagrams;
** The 64 hexagrams of the YiJing;
* Lines;
** The 384 lines of the YiJing;
* Main_Text;
* Sequences;
** How people have arranged the YiJing Hexagrams;
* The_Wings;
** The Ten Wings of the YiJing;
* Translations;
** Various translations of the YiJing;
* Trigrams;
** The eight trigrams of the YiJing;

The folder /zim/Useless_Hexagrams contains 606 folders. Each folder contains 606 files. These files are from derived hexagrams using derived trigrams of the described derivative hexagrams.

The folder /zim/z.infra contains files related to creating the documentation of the program.

None of this documentation explains how to do a YiJing Consultation.

This document uses markdown for presentation markup.
